hey being to watch my videos I make them
just for you
hey guys so today i am gonna show you
guys how I achieved this twisted up to
well I am definitely gonna say that the
banks were definitely inspired I will
not take all the glory for that well I
am starting off with a slightly
stretched here before I start working
with my hair I am definitely gonna split
with some water just to moisten it up a
little bit so i am gonna use this pen
because i did not have my pick to
separate my hair into three even
sections
and of course how the sections away once
i'm done packing them this is my fight
now i have three sections and i'm going
to start with one on the left the person
i'm going to do is add a little bit more
moisture and then I am gonna start
finger detangling if you would like to
use a bush we can't go ahead and do that
but I can for use my fingers and then i
am going to separate a small section on
the floors divided in two and start flat
twisting backward
I'm still got a lot of fight left in me
losing friends and I'm shake 3 i'm going
to repeat the same process on my right
side spray some water tight angle and
flat twist and mode you can make this
look messy you can make this look extern
it depends on if you want to go
professional or if you want to look a
little bit more casual and then for the
midsection i am of gospel damn it with
some water and detangle it and then I am
gonna flat which this one awkward this
is my this is my fight I'm sorry I
didn't know this stuff was gone
when i get to my bangs i am going to
stop flat twisting and then I am just
going to end my flat twist and I'm going
to take the tail I think that's my
college and when a twisted tale and I'm
gonna fold it backward
you can fold it on whatever direction
you want to depending on how you want
your twist to look after folding it and
I'm just gonna pin it down use a smaller
pin if you want to hide your pin well I
use a huge pin because I have a very
very full head of hair standing back way
I'm gonna take details at the back and
I'm going to twirl it in the same
tension as it twists make it tighter and
then pin it on the other side I'm gonna
do this to the both of them and just
hold them up kind of like that
and then time for the band's honestly if
you want to look more going out ish you
can always just leave the bangs like
that MP it's down just you know to make
it look cute so it doesn't stand but if
you want to look more professional I'm
going to be going with the twisted updo
bangs you just takes most small to
medium section and you just want to
start twisting them and after twisting
it you just wanna pin it upward there is
no particular way I figured you can pin
this upward just pin it or whatever you
want it to look if you wanted to look
more like a mohawk go ahead and do that
if you want more of an upward go ahead
and do that just be nice however you
would like it and then after that of
course I'm gonna work on my edges
because I realized that my edges refused
to stay down unless I do something about
it and I am going to talk and pull to
fix up my banks to make them look
however I would like them to look and
that is it guys this is my twisted updo
or twisted banks really easy to get it
hang off and it can last you for three
to seven days honestly depending on how
well you take care of it
please give me a thumbs up and please
please do leave a comments down below
subscribe and I will see you guys on my
next video no I still got a lot of life
left in me